---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harvester_kubeovn_vpc_egress_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-harvester"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# harvester_kubeovn_vpc_egress_gateway (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "harvester_kubeovn_vpc_egress_gateway" "example" {
  name      = "test-egress-gw"
  namespace = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique name

### Optional

- `namespace` (String)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `bfd` (List of Object) BFD (Bidirectional Forwarding Detection) configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bfd))
- `description` (String) Any text you want that better describes this resource
- `external_ips` (List of String) External IPs for the workload. Must be in the external subnet. Count must not be less than replicas
- `external_subnet` (String) External subnet for the workload
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image` (String) Image used by the workload. If not specified, the default kube-ovn image is used
- `internal_ips` (List of String) Internal IPs for the workload. Must be in the internal subnet. Count must not be less than replicas
- `internal_subnet` (String) Internal subnet for the workload. Defaults to the VPC's default subnet
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `message` (String)
- `policy` (List of Object) Egress traffic policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy))
- `prefix` (String) Name prefix for the generated workload
- `replicas` (Number) Number of workload replicas
- `state` (String)
- `status_external_ips` (List of String)
- `status_internal_ips` (List of String)
- `status_phase` (String)
- `status_ready` (Boolean)
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `traffic_policy` (String) Traffic routing policy: Cluster (default) or Local
- `vpc` (String) VPC name. If not specified, the default VPC will be used

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
- `read` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bfd`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `min_rx` (Number)
- `min_tx` (Number)
- `multiplier` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Read-Only:

- `ip_blocks` (List of String)
- `snat` (Boolean)
- `subnets` (List of String)
