---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "harvester_kubeovn_vpc_egress_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-harvester"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# harvester_kubeovn_vpc_egress_gateway (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "harvester_kubeovn_vpc_egress_gateway" "example" {
  name            = "test-egress-gw"
  namespace       = "default"
  vpc             = "test-vpc"
  replicas        = 1
  external_subnet = "ovn-vpc-external-network"
  traffic_policy  = "Cluster"

  bfd {
    enabled = false
  }

  policy {
    snat      = true
    ip_blocks = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `external_subnet` (String) External subnet for the workload
- `name` (String) A unique name

### Optional

- `bfd` (Block List, Max: 1) BFD (Bidirectional Forwarding Detection) configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bfd))
- `description` (String) Any text you want that better describes this resource
- `external_ips` (List of String) External IPs for the workload. Must be in the external subnet. Count must not be less than replicas
- `image` (String) Image used by the workload. If not specified, the default kube-ovn image is used
- `internal_ips` (List of String) Internal IPs for the workload. Must be in the internal subnet. Count must not be less than replicas
- `internal_subnet` (String) Internal subnet for the workload. Defaults to the VPC's default subnet
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `policy` (Block List) Egress traffic policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy))
- `prefix` (String) Name prefix for the generated workload
- `replicas` (Number) Number of workload replicas
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `traffic_policy` (String) Traffic routing policy: Cluster (default) or Local
- `vpc` (String) VPC name. If not specified, the default VPC will be used

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `message` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `status_external_ips` (List of String)
- `status_internal_ips` (List of String)
- `status_phase` (String)
- `status_ready` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedblock--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bfd`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable BFD sessions with VPC BFD LRP
- `min_rx` (Number) BFD minimum receive interval in milliseconds
- `min_tx` (Number) BFD minimum transmit interval in milliseconds
- `multiplier` (Number) BFD detection multiplier


<a id="nestedblock--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Optional:

- `ip_blocks` (List of String) CIDRs targeted by the egress traffic policy
- `snat` (Boolean) Enable SNAT/MASQUERADE for egress traffic
- `subnets` (List of String) Subnets targeted by the egress traffic policy


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
